[docs] update automatic-logging to include mention of TraceQL (#2696)
grafana/tempo: docs/sources/tempo/configuration/grafana-agent/automatic-logging.md

- /docs/tempo/grafana-agent/automatic-logging
---

> # The problem of trace discovery

Reviewer: @zalegrala I'm okay with changing the page title, if you prefer, to something else. "The problem of trace discovery" is an eye-catching title, but does it describe what is on the page? If the goal of a page title is to help people identify if a page will help them learn a concept or perform a task, will the page title you've proposed help a user find the right content? 

This page is in the Configure > Grafana Agent folder because we're specifically dealing with Grafana Agent configuration. 

Whatever we rename the page, we'll need to also update the front matter (menuTitle and Title) to either match or be something similar. That will resolve the doc-validator error.

Reviewer: We could change the description of the page. I'm not crazy about the second bullet (proposed) but that could help point people to TraceQL as well. 

* Current: "Automatic logging provides an easy and fast way of getting trace discovery through logs."
* Proposed: "Automatic logging provides a method of trace discovery through logs. This method is not as powerful as TraceQL."

Author: Oh sorry, I didn't realize this was renaming the page.  I mostly wanted to step a little slower into the problem space.    I can bring back the original title and think about what to call the other headers.

Author: It was a little writing que for me too, so not really neded.

Reviewer: Thank you. Here's what happens: 
There is usually only one 1st level heading on a page (# heading, vs a subhead, ## heading). Docs validator expects the 1st level heading (effectively the page title) to match the title field in the front matter. (The menuTitle field can be different; it's what is displayed in the left-side navigation.) When the 1st level heading and title don't match, then it throws an error.

Running instrumented distributed systems is a very powerful way to gain
understanding over a system, but it brings its own challenges. One of them is
discovering those traces.

> In the beginning of Tempo, querying for a trace was only possible if you knew
> the ID of the trace you were looking for.  In order to learn the trace ID, an
> approach called "automatic logging" was added so that the trace ID was included
> in the log message, and could jump from log message to trace ID.
> 
> While this approach is powerful, it isn't quite as powerful
> [TraceQL](https://grafana.com/docs/tempo/latest/traceql).  If you are here

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In the beginning of Tempo, querying for a trace was only possible if you knew
the ID of the trace you were looking for. Using automatic logging, an approach that includes the trace ID 
in the log message, the trace ID can be identified and lets you jump from log message to trace ID.

While this approach is powerful, it isn't quite as powerful
[TraceQL]({{< relref "../../traceql" >}}). If you are here
```

because you know you want to log the trace ID, to enable jumping from logs to
traces, then read on!

> If you merely want to query the system directly, read up on the [TraceQL
> documenation](https://grafana.com/docs/tempo/latest/traceql).  We doubt you'll
> be sad.

Reviewer: @zalegrala I love your commentary. :) I hope no one is sad reading our doc. 

```suggestion
If you merely want to query the system directly, read up on the [TraceQL
documentation](https://grafana.com/docs/tempo/latest/traceql).  We doubt you'll
be sad.
```

> If you merely want to query the system directly, read up on the [TraceQL
> documentation](https://grafana.com/docs/tempo/latest/traceql).  We doubt you'll
> be sad.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you want to query the system directly, read the [TraceQL
documentation]({{< relref "../../traceql" >}}).  We doubt you'll
be sad.
```

# Automatic logging: Trace discovery through logs

Automatic logging provides an easy and fast way of getting trace discovery through logs.

> Automatic logging writes a well formatted log line to a Loki instance or to stdout for each span, root or process that passes through the tracing pipeline.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Automatic logging writes a well-formatted log line to a Loki instance or to `stdout` for each span, root, or process that passes through the tracing pipeline.
```

# Automatic logging: Trace discovery through logs

Running instrumented distributed systems is a very powerful way to gain
understanding over a system, but it brings its own challenges. One of them is
discovering which traces exist.

In the beginning of Tempo, querying for a trace was only possible if you knew
the ID of the trace you were looking for. One solution was automatic logging.
Automatic logging provides an easy and fast way of discovering trace IDs
through log messages. Well-formatted log lines are written to a Loki instance
or to `stdout` for each span, root, or process that passes through the tracing
pipeline. This allows for automatically building a mechanism for trace
discovery. On top of that, we also get metrics from traces using Loki, and
allow quickly jumping from a log message to the trace view in Grafana.

While this approach is useful, it isn't as powerful as [TraceQL]({{< relref
"../../traceql" >}}). If you are here because you know you want to log the
trace ID, to enable jumping from logs to traces, then read on!

If you want to query the system directly, read the [TraceQL
documentation]({{< relref "../../traceql" >}}).  We doubt you'll
be sad.

> # Configuration

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Configuration
```
